[Music]
Luar is telling me that they are scolding
Luisito Comunica for this let's see
why not for this happy day to all the
fathers who are mothers too what a
load of rubbish but it's a joke it doesn't seem like rubbish to me
man it seems like rubbish let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see I do
n't know if you remember Luisa
Garrido Luisa really I mean Look look look let's
see it's that I don't know what would be the
first time that Luisa well Luisa
suddenly went from being a hater of gre to
a fan okay Luisa they're not going to invite you to the
eslan awards I would love to be at
the eslan awards I think I deserve it let's
see actually this lady kicked
Borja Escalona eh Let's see let's see let's
Borja Escalona eh the same yes eh here
gref replies to a tweet and says ole I'm
glad you came out of the closet
I was already saying that you seemed gay if you are gay I'm
sure you'll be my fan I hope  invite me
to your award I am a streamer I love you A
kiss my boy gref very Busca F eh Luisa
very Busca F so that so that you learn
from a wonderful streamer It is never too
late to come out of the closet I hope you
invite me to your awards in the very Busca fame
Luisa and then here on November 12
of last year eh it says Congratulations my
boy gref for coming out of the closet I
congratulate you, I mean start making a video to
see Hello fe well I have seen a
publication that you have already come out of the
closet there is no need to hide in the
closet and that on top of that you are the boyfriend of my
Rubius that I adore Rubius too so
as I have seen that you are already one of
my children at least I would love it because they
call me the mother of the G so
I would love to be your mother too and that you
invite me to your program that your
concert that I am a streamer that I
work every night in kit before on
Twitch now in kit I hope to return
to Twitch too and that I like it a
lot that at my age guys Well I
think I deserve it more than  nobody
because there are others who have more
opportunity but I'm already more
down than up because because
you're older Then I don't know
a kiss would do me a lot buddy Thank you so much
for giving a miera out there
or your Body I'm excited I don't think I would be
the most grandmotherly streamer there is And
on top of that mom of the collective the gtb of my
children that I love them and now I love you
too so nothing I hope you
call me and and have a good time with you with
the people and good that I have a lot of
excitement I don't know if you're going to give me the excitement
or I'm not going to die without it what a kiss
tortu Thank you very much Well anyway here she
is sucking up to me so that I
invite her to the elan okay and then
suddenly when it happened they obviously didn't invite her
okay And here she is still crying
please I need you to help me to
take me to the hland awards I need
your support okay Invite me to your
awards I deserve it please I will upload
a video to spread it this afternoon I
will upload a video to ask gref to
invite me to the erlan awards Since
the awards  erl is in Andorra this year
I want you to take me please because there are
many influencers who are
still many years old but I don't have much left Okay
then I think I deserve it
more than anyone because I have fewer
opportunities you're going to freak out
with me plus I do everything everything everything
everything look I [ __ ] live well it
's dirty eh Don't ask me I show my
tits Oh also since I have them
short nice okay yeah I mean she's the
typical lady who let's see actually I'll
also tell you one thing eh is that I was going to
say no the typical lady who thinks
that The more daring she is or the more
stupid it is that that is already very common not
the fact that you do
any stupid thing to get attention to
stand out or no look look The more you
mess it up the more they call you from TV that is already
very V I am very outdated it's not that that that that
that strategy no but it is
true that these streamers
suddenly take anything as a
joke like a meme it's like when they
made the [ __ ] trucks famous u How
funny oh because he danced u he
danced  And then look at the type of
person that was over 20 years old Well, I'm
55 Look, I'm 55 55 15
years older than me 16 years older than me but let's
see clearly Plus Luisa's been like
this for three or four let's go since
I didn't let's see clearly no stiffer than
someone taking a vibrator
okay too I'm joking she's not 55 55
contributed I'm not going to tell you one thing Don't
think it's just that I go around showing off my
tits it's not that one day they recorded me and
published it and I wanted to die I
said [ __ ] on my mother How
shameless I don't know what and I felt more
embarrassed I felt so bad so bad I
wanted to die and I say And why Why if
tits are the most beautiful thing
a woman has just like men the
most beautiful thing they have they say is the
penis I like the ass better But
okay okay depending on the shape it
has then I thought I say well no no no no no
why should I be ashamed
of my wonderful body Serrano Okay and  I
grabbed and said we took a tit out I
say no one no two pls and take out
both of them which I normally do Well no
because that's really ugly but if you touch my the ones I
have down here I'll
show you one two and my ass so look I play
farg I play mongas I play
others that I don't remember because I don't
remember the names of the fears that
later scare me but how scary If it's
not you're afraid please
take me because I want to go because I want to go because I
want to have a good time because then I'm
going to die and I'm not going to do it so
come on guys take me take Fred
please because I want to be there with
you and have a great time Yeah man it
's because you want it Total spam
the video to gref Invite me to your awards
eslan gref and I'll show you the chetas Well I do
n't know eh yes if I were but well well
how long my churra red heart
red heart gorgeous Let's see well I don't
know if I would be able to reject this
offer eh I also tell you eh Invite me to
your  awards in langre and I'll show you the
cheta if you want I'm a
spectacular sexy 55-year-old streamer better than
the [ __ ] who do boring live streams
on Twitch and my content is great I
deserve to be in your award called I hope you
invite me Hey everyone makes a
living I'm not really sorry but from here
I should be in which category Oh in
anyone anything goes young guys without
Thank you my videos are more viral than
many of them and my anger live is
better okay gets angry slap and gre
well I don't know how to pronounce it either I also
care how is it possible that you have
nominated people who are not funny
and you have not nominated me for the
biggest anger in Europe and the United States
and the entire Spain and the entire world
because anger like Luisa's look at
this
[Applause]
I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] I [ __ ] on God look I have to
hit you with this bottle
like this You see it you see it you have to as I have to
kill you there are none How can you nominate
Oh come on none it's not like you're
super seen that to people who have never
met and instead of me who have
millions of views on my videos I
have my YouTube with the best
written videos as they say there are
anywhere
okay guys I'm going to change my clothes and
we're going to make this change here you have
This change my hair I'm in pre-
retirement that on top of that we have to pay
your Spaniards and then we have
over there the tran women who have
to wait years because there isn't enough
money in social security it is said
edited not even the chocas they call me
even the mother of chocas imagine I have
the best edited videos in the
entire world I am 55 years old I have been
viral for years and years and years and maintaining it
seems like trolling eh always from the middle
up and instead of you put
some people there that I'm not saying don't
deserve it because everyone
deserves to be there But at least man
eh At least as a guest No What do you think
what are you waiting for to put me in a
two for one square box man I think
I deserve to be there by the way I
don't see it as fair that you don't have more
women because we have  much more than
you guys just put there there are a
lot of women in the Luis a kiss
gorgeous Thank you very much two frill that are
worthless well that are worthless well
why am I not going to And what's happening with the
GTB collective because there are no gays
What a strange thing too No how come there
are no gays How come there are no
gays she thinks there are no gays she thinks she is famous and is only known
for kicking Borja no but let's
see I think this lady What happens is that she does that she makes
daring
vulgarities and in Tito anything goes viral
Okay Salin gave
Javi a beating the other day with
arguments and evidence that are tremendous
okay Then we'll see it King handsome there are
no gays man when there are gays but
if apart from that they presented trans girls
they set up an example there are those that I know the
tracatra chic tran and chic
abused girls are cute the chickens parents
tracatan neither women nor G nothing you
there four usual simple chicks that are not
funny nothing that
dic and I tell you subizarreta
goal subizarreta look at the tits and me what
one time we interviewed her  Luisa I don't
know what it was but I deleted it for
some reason I don't remember what it was Look
gref reacted to the eslan awards video she
deserved to be nominated the women
who serve damn we gays exist
not just straight commenting on the football
of Shakira's ex at least I would like to be a
guest I deserve this message
[ __ ] J caught I want qu said that I have to
debate it with the team okay
Luisa I mean your opinion and video
know that it's going to reach the entire
Slam Awards team and we're going to
talk privately okay we're going to give it
privately and then we'll give a
public response because I consider it all very very
shocking to share it with
my entire team and develop an opinion
together and to stop to respond to you No
thanks and nothing We will continue receiving
criticism of the eslan awards between the
Princessita video and now
Luisa's the truth is that the truth is that
very well no guys let's see it Anyway
then what happens with the lady eh then they
obviously didn't invite her and what happens with
the lady from  Andorra evicted okay And
then Luisa shows up and says if this
is true I'll [ __ ] on your award HL
You better explain if it's true or not gref
and releases a video that gets 2000 likes
on Twitter okay message to gref gref if
what you said about Descio is real I'm going to Andorra
and I'll shove the Eslam trophy up your object
so they have to tear it out of
your anus You better believe this is a lie
I have to see it with my own eyes I'm going to
tell you something gref I didn't even know you nor am I even
interested I'm glad you didn't
call me or stop me there
because I'm glad I mean she spent three
months begging him to please invite her
to the Hland awards and now no no Look
how are you going to evict a grandmother
I'm glad No look eh you would have gone
Luisa if I had invited you to the
Hland awards you would have gone and you would have
kicked the old lady out I'm going to say
something like the news that comes out I've
been  defending because I never believe
in what they publish I have to see with
my eyes and hear with my ears but I'm
going to Andorra I'm going to find out if it's
true I'm going to interview the woman and
if it's true if you have the
nerve to throw an 80 year old woman
out of her house I swear to God I'm
going to call you Tito I hope it's
not true Because what
disgusts me the most in this life is that the
more money a person has the more rats they
act because you're right or you're wrong
if you have money man what do
you care put up with the poor woman she has
four newscasts left then take your
property renovate it sell it do whatever
you want but if it's true that
you're evicting and making
life miserable for an 80 year old woman
my mother is the same age I don't know how to
tell Luisa and I'm going to tell you
something let's see Luisa let's see let's see
Luisa if your mother is so
old you're telling me that your mother
had you with  30 sticks Luisa yesterday The other day
you made fun of the video I made for you I'm not
getting into your controversies you don't get into it of course you
don't care about freedom nor do you
care about equality you care about
money No well look I'd rather be a
starving streamer and have the
dignity that I have and hold my head up
than be a millionaire like you and have to
hide your head under your ass don't
forget and today you're up Tomorrow
you're down you never know eh Alright
Luisa say yes let's see what
happened then keep writing
gref imagine getting into your
Twitch account I mean here gref is with the subject
of the PC the PC that gift that was being
raffled off for the prizes the L okay
give it to me I'll give it better use since you
don't nominate me for your awards when I
deserve it more Or is it that since I'm also
old you want to take everything away from me and kick me out of
my house Oh what is this The more people there
are in a place the less I like to be there I
go like the opposite of people I
like Andorra in the summer when the
weather is better  and when there aren't so many
people I go a little to the But hey, those are my
tastes and when there are a lot of flies just
like the Moroccans, we have to
respect their
tastes
But how badly has it been expressed is that of
course there what he wanted to
refer to the typical good are their
customs okay In total Luisa did
n't like this either respecting that your tastes
are being in Andorra in the summer Of course
because you don't pay taxes no and you remove
houses old people no
Of course because you think that because you earn a lot of money on social networks you are God and you can do whatever you want but of course since you don't have an eh you say that you are that we have to respect it like the Moroccans, I mean since you don't like winter in Andorra you
're saying that you don't like
Moroccans either but that we have
to respect their tastes that is not a taste honey that is called racism But why or rather what is the racist comment that has made racism but let's see what can be expected from But what is the racist comment that has made mention them a burr in the ass I don't
know if I say it correctly but well a pimple
of pus in the  ass what can you
really expect do you want to know what makes me the most
sad is that scum like you earn
so much money on social media and there
are so many retards that follow that
kind of people homophobic racist
homophobic but all over the face homophobia
eh they don't care about dignity they don't
care about an old lady who
poor thing has four t a day but but why But
why Set a date for
the death of that lady I mean maybe
the woman is 80 years old and will be 100
and and and Luisa wants gref to wait 20
years to lend his property for 20 years
to a woman who is a millionaire ok
for her to live there quietly But what if the woman lasts 110 because I see that the more money a person has the more corrupt the more disgusting and more pig that's what you are you disgusting man I prefer to have 100 followers on my Twitch and
earn a decent living and for
people to love me than to have the millions
that you have and  having such a
rotten soul what cheap demagogy Luisa
this is a lie this is a lie Luisa
very cheap demagogy very cheap very
cheap Luisa let's see for the
little millions that Gref has I lose my
dignity a little eh Who's going to
remember me then then I close the accounts
to take it up the ass better gay quetero
simple without grace like Gref and here comes
Gref's birthday on April 24th Today I
turn 27 and I don't want you to
congratulate me I would like to receive an insult
from you I found out it's
your birthday and I wanted to congratulate you
by telling you that you are worse than a
swollen morrana about to explode you are
dumber than a fon ussc which is a pimple
that comes out on your ass full of pus that
when you burst from pl if you can be more
stupid I think that in the universe you take
the gold medal Javi Shut up then
we'll have to put up with another Loli Hey
but I already had with Luisa something happened
no I don't remember what happened one
time he got offended because I put on a
helmet he started insulting me on his
live show and I put on a helmet and he got offended
we did an interview with him the thing is I
think he said something
strong in the interview and I said ugh I don't
remember but I removed it because he said something
strong you don't have to do the
gref awards no you have to do the
inflamed hemorrhoid awards So
here's my congratulations and I hope
that one day you pay for all the nonsense he does
Because look how stupid you are
kid eh clowns are in the circus
they make people laugh you in Spain you make people laugh at the idiot you are
I'm disappointed with
the kilipa I mean very emboldened very Go
ahead and all that stuff and
now he tells him he says idiot you're
cutting tell him an [ __ ] you're a
repressed [ __ ] that's in the
closet and you don't want to come out and until they
stick a good bazooka in your object
and dilate it well you're not going to be happy
so spend happy [ __ ] years with that
hemorrhoid face and that object
inflamed very well very well good
congratulations and she spams her she spams her no
and what do you think happened
I can't believe it no but let's see let's see let's
see are you telling me are you telling me
that after theel How many visits did
her congratulations have let's see Ah that she had 2000
likes on her congratulations and 400 quotes
of course I mean she got so excited with the
congratulations that she thought of charging for them she
came up with a personalized congratulations video
ask me for the
congratulations video or whatever you want
personalized it will be long personalized
with names Although don't send me a
will so as not to tire the
woman either Okay when you've made the payment
send me a screenshot by my
email let's not let's
ask let's ask for a congratulations
who from whom we could ask for a
congratulations from whom we could ask for
a congratulations someone who loves us
very much it would have been great this lady
would have been great for me this lady by
when I had to do reading The
sentence that I lost can you imagine it
happens to her Send her the ruling so she can read it
in an intelligible video let's see if it
's true that the expressions she
uses  this woman were more or less
similar to those who who who who who
what not Let's see who we send a
congratulations to But this This is an
opportunity let's see it's 10 bucks and apart from
10 bucks that you're going to give me you're
10 bucks we have to take advantage of it to
delox to Fran but yes Fran yes Fran speaks
worse than this let's see Suddenly it has to
be someone that I don't know that doesn't
expect it and and and Oh my God
something just occurred to me something just occurred to me
to the writer of the book Leticia satnica Y
adultera yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes let's
see who can send him the
email who can who can
send him the email while we continue
watching it Ivan is over there no no no no yes yes yes
to the writer congratulations on your
[ __ ] shitty book the truth is that it
has helped me a lot because I just
shat in the middle of Gran Va and you
know in the middle of the street nobody
lends you cinemas in that situation damn yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes is there
an editor available around here
please some editor please let's see let's see let's see I'll
tell you let's see
can someone send it to her please
I'll make the
visa for her now I don't know how to edit but but luar
can you send it to her And now I'll send it to you now I'll
send it to you through PayPal well no wait Wait wait I'll send her
the PayPal I'll
send the PayPal to the lady How do you
send her the PayPal but if she hasn't put
PayPal I don't know how Oh buy now Wait wait wait
buy now I have to
do it myself wait buy now
okay wait okay Okay 13 bucks
the joke is going to work eh 13 bucks eh Nothing won't
let me do it dude 13 bucks 13 bucks eh
but it won't let me it won't let me it says
something W War please refresh the page
to try Again let's see come on continue with
PayPal it won't let me dude it won't let me it wo
n't let me buy it better 13 than
3.9 let's see I don't know what to tell you I think
the 3.99 gave a little more
pleasant content but oh well  at least you can't have
a laugh Hey, it won't let me, man, it won't
let me Can someone do it for me,
can someone ask for me, I mean, I would
put something like eh @ Enrique
dediego V I think it is @ Enrique dediego
V I think it was Enrique Thank you so much
for your book I congratulate you the
truth is that I just shat myself in the middle
of okay I'm going to try place wait
I just shat myself in the middle of the I just
shat myself right now here in the middle
of m of I just shat myself at the door
of the Mercadona I don't know something like that not the
typical thing I would play she didn't I just shat myself
in the middle of the door of the Mercadona and
thank goodness I had a couple of pages eh
your book came to me
today in the living room because I had a
table that was limping I hope that I
hope that let's see there's still not
enough time we can still write a
little more eh I hope that I hope
that I keep writing but only on your
but only on your [ __ ] shitty Twitter
where nobody reads you where nobody reads you don't
me  I can wait to see I can't
wait to see the gentleman's reaction
when he finds this
personalized greeting on Twitter
Mara Adela just made a kiss for 10
bucks Okay We just paid for it let's
see I have an opinion I have an opinion but of course luare we
have to ask her to put it on her
Twitter to tag the man and there she can
manage if it comes out let's go if it comes out let's go I'm
going to unload it says here my
greeting I hope you like it as a
gift If you want I can introduce you to one of
my gay fans and have a good
orgasm and come out of the closet what so much
sticking the microphone up your anus You don't accept
homosexuality well In total they have
literally passed we are talking about
April 25th okay April 25th I
was flirting with him and he found him on
May 11th Mauro Thank you very much for those
10 members king How are you he
found him in Andorra that in addition to this
which is a gas station it doesn't
look much like it but it is a gas station No
yes it is a gas station it says here that it was
found in a gas station gref
I can't believe it and  gref hasn't
evicted him but come on Look look look look sucking
up to him one thing is him
Look Luisa how Luisa how false Luisa
Luisa How false she says one thing is the
character and another the person and I fall in love with her
So from now on he is another one of my
children my protg How false How false and
looking for fame How
false I mean in two weeks he says that what
gref did was the character no no one thing
is one thing it's the character to the
wismichu totally okay No no I didn't do it
I did my character let's see but
let's see lady if they are
reporting him if the descio is a
judicial issue it's not a character an issue
a character Maybe when he's
playing fortnite he gets angry but
when he wants to evict a lady he doesn't I
mean no a kiss Magi how about he gives him a
little bit of attention and he forgets
everything but man What a ball What a ball
asking gref for photos and not
asking him for photos but asking him
asking him for a kiss What a ball Well of course
people have complained clarification about
the photos that I uploaded with  gref my opinion
has changed after talking to you and
meeting you and I want you all to understand
why Yes because you found her
because she gave you a photo What a ball
What a ball as I'm seeing comments
besides children that I love with all my soul eh
comments about the photographs
of the kid from gref I'm going to
tell you what I think and what I feel and
most of you who know me
well that I have
absolutely nothing of an ass kisser what I have done and I have
said it is because I think it and I feel it
some of you will like it some of us will like it
but for me from lailla directly the same I
respect others I like that they
respect me first comment that I've
seen out there but if a few days ago
you were
calling him homosexual mondongo him He on
his social networks asked that he was
fed up with people sending him
normal birthday greetings and to see if we would
make him well congratulations
insulting him I made the greeting because I
consider that I am the best at
insulting well I made that greeting
because he asked for it in my life in my life it would
occur to me
everyone has a price Luisa and the
yours are 10 turkeys take and make a
birthday greeting video
insulting Simply because I don't like him
or because I don't like him for whatever reason okay I
did it because he asked for it it was a
request and the lady wanted to comply
Porto that you see it Damn You haven't
seen it okay he's the best Give it note
you have to take it and give note
that is the
first second the opinion that I
gave about eh about the character is because of my
fault also I consider that I should have
learned because with
my age and the time that I have been on
social networks I think that sometimes I
should stick my tongue up my ass a little bit
and not give my opinion that many times it
bothers me you guys the fault is yours because it bothers me
and you tell me what you think about I don't know
who what you think about I don't know how much it's worth well
I gave my opinion on what I saw on the
news what I saw on
social networks and personally if I had
the money that he has and it was true
I wouldn't care if I put up with a year two
three because I don't need that money to
satisfy a woman Well I gave my opinion
on that  subject thing that I did wrong Oh what did you do
wrong now you don't now the
lady is not your mother's age
now the lady is not
her mother's age and she is no longer ashamed okay but
apart from what you said that he didn't deserve to
earn that money that
a brat of these people like
this earns so much money that he earns so much money I don't even want him to
earn that money Why well very
simple
Because after what I've lived through and what you
have made me live through all this
time all the insults and lies that
many of you have said about me
I shouldn't have believed it
if that is true or a lie I
shouldn't have believed it and I should have kept
quiet what I did wrong and well I
said what I thought about the
character the character the character
because the one who had a trial and an
estate okay was the character eh three gre
has changed
eh me when I met this child the day before yesterday
because I consider him a child
because he is almost the age of my
grandson okay I met a
wonderful humble educated person because
you spoke to him and he answered you  greeting
at a
gas station with values with values
also what caught my attention the most
was the humility that this person has I
mean I've met famous people that you
ask for a photograph and it seems like you
're asking for a million euros okay They
do it
there and I'm going to give you an example that's going to piss you off it
's eh samatan
Jackson Wow how famous let's see but I
should be ashamed to ask that person for
a photograph my goodness my goodness humble humble
my balls humble my
balls you you're going to ask
salanta Jackson for a photograph or you're going to
ask him for an autograph or whatever and it seems like you
're asking the king of Rome
come on I wouldn't even be pissed off if they
asked me or you're asking him and you
do it And he smiles at you but he's
dying to get away from you and instead of gr he
spent 15 minutes with me putting up with my
jokes putting up with me when I would have
seen myself in his
situation after all the
atrocities that I've said about him and just like
that I sent him to take it where
the cucumbers are bitter and instead he did
everything  contrary was polite humble
affectionate So what I think about
a character is my problem what I
think about a person is my problem
so what you have to do is
learn above all from our own
mistakes because none of us are perfect
okay And I have an opinion about grez what comes out
of my [ __ ] directly of course whether you like it or
not and nobody is going to tell me
what to think about a
person that I have met in person and I have
seen that it is the complete opposite of what they
talk about on social networks something that
many of you have done
to me What the [ __ ] are you going to see in 5
minutes that
I greeted him at a gas station if it is true or a lie what they say about him on social networks But what are they saying that he sold some headphones that I don't know what that I don't know how much that he farts into the microphone
that I don't know Or rather that he was going to
evict an old woman I mean what
is a lie What has he
shown you that it was a lie at a
gas station Look for families Luisa Look for
families look for families Look at the people you  He's
saying it, okay, people
are saying it to you very badly, Luisa, the truth is
that you look very bad, you could have
given more attention to the truth
[Music]